# Rethinking Value-Based Content Detection in Argument Mining: A cognitively-Based Approach

### Conference: CERCA’26: Workshop for Cognitive and Empirical Research on Computational Argumentation, September 14-15, Barcelona, Spain

## Overview

This repository contains the code accompanying the paper:

## Repository Structure

* `requirements.txt`
  List of dependencies required to run the notebooks.

* `LLM_predictor.ipynb`
  Main notebook for dataset processing and LLM-based annotation generation, for baseline (just LLM) and bias-specific predictions

* `error_solving_analysis.ipynb`
  Notebook for solving all errors associated with predictions (different value names, types, etc.)

* `evaluation.ipynb`

  
---

### Folders

- **`data/`**  
  Contains original arguments, and associated ground-truth value labels

- **`results/`**  
  Contains raw outputs generated by the LLM, including baseline predictions and bias-related experiment results.

- **`valid_results/`**  
  Stores cleaned and corrected outputs after applying `error_solving_analysis.ipynb` across all datasets.

---

## Dataset

This work uses the **Webis-ArgValues-22** dataset:

https://zenodo.org/records/6855004

Originally introduced in [Identifying the Human Values Behind Arguments](https://aclanthology.org/2022.acl-long.306/) (Kiesel et al., ACL 2022).

The dataset contains over 5,000 arguments annotated with **54 fine-grained human values**, organized within a hierarchical taxonomy. In this project, we focus on the USA test split.

Please refer to the original dataset publication for annotation guidelines and licensing details.

---

## Setup

Clone the repository and install dependencies:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

---


## License

This repository is released under the **MIT License**.

Note: The dataset used in this project is subject to its own licensing terms. Please consult the original dataset source for details.

---

## Citation

If you use this code or build upon this work, please cite the paper as follows:

```bibtex
@inproceedings{
}
```
